release 7.7.0 (#658)
kmyk/online-judge-tools: CHANGELOG.md

# Change Log

## 7.7.0 / 2019-01-20
-   [#654](https://github.com/kmyk/online-judge-tools/pull/654) fix a bug of git pull option about Library Checker
-   [#653](https://github.com/kmyk/online-judge-tools/pull/653) add CodeChef support

> -   [#649](https://github.com/kmyk/online-judge-tools/pull/649) add to guess Common Lisp and Clojure files by the extension [@fukamachi](https://github.com/fukamachi)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   [#649](https://github.com/kmyk/online-judge-tools/pull/649) allow `submit` to guess Common Lisp and Clojure files by the extension [@fukamachi](https://github.com/fukamachi)
```

(nitpick) add to guess は「何を add したの？」って感じになる気がするので避けたい気がする (あまり自信はないです)
参考: <https://gist.github.com/mono0926/e6ffd032c384ee4c1cef5a2aa4f778d7#%E6%96%B0%E3%81%97%E3%81%8F%E4%BD%95%E3%81%8B%E3%81%AB%E5%AF%BE%E5%BF%9C%E3%81%97%E3%81%9F%E6%A9%9F%E8%83%BD%E4%B8%8A%E3%81%AE%E5%88%B6%E7%B4%84%E3%82%92%E5%8F%96%E3%82%8A%E6%89%95%E3%81%A3%E3%81%9F>

Reviewer 2: add support for guessing the file's language when `submit` (Common Lisp by `.lisp`, Closure by `.clj`)
などはいかがでしょうか(少し冗長な気もしますが)

Author: AddよりもSupportの方がわかりやすいと思う記述がかなりあるのは事実です。今回はkmykさんの案でいきます。もうリリースしたいので、、
